[Music]
wshine anywhere strong winds
blowing God give us wisdom to grasp the
message in the air oh if I could have one wish and know
that it would come true wish that God would give us strength to know just what to do then we
could tear down the fences that fence Us
Fall fences created by such evil men then we could
tear down the fences that fence us all in maybe we could walk together
again welcome back to Lady Babylon Wednesday
night bible study isn't that some pleasant Zane Campbell Thank You zann For The Music so
outstanding tonight tonight put your seats in their upright positions I am going to do
something here that we have not done I am going to break the seal on a book
that has been concealed for centuries and then after that we're
going to spend some time with the junkie St Paul and we are going to look at him
doing his thing with his drugs on lady
[Music] Babylon
[Music]
as we get started here I want to clear the air a little
bit I want to remind you that as you watch this nobody will be paid from it
and I want you to focus on that which is sacred I don't want your money I don't
want to sell you a hat I just want you here to see the
opening the unsealing of a hidden book we're going
to penetrate that inner Sanctuary tonight we're going to enter in I'm
going to give it to you it is my gift to you we are taking back that Greek text
tonight oh love it are you ready are you ready for this let's Cleanse This Place let's get it completely cleaned up let's
honor tonight
[Music]
hephestus [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
[Applause]
[Music] [Applause]
I
[Music]
that fire burns within our bodies that element that desire that
drives that lightbringer that's what we're looking at tonight I'm going to bring you a
couple of texts I'm going to present to you something that you have seen before
maybe once or twice maybe when you went to church maybe when you went to
synagogue maybe when you were in a religion class in college you've seen
this sometime now I'm going to show it to you
with the eyes of one who sees we're g to open the seal bring
forward the ion and show you God tonight God is drugging
Adam let's go to the place immediately and see where he's drugging Adam let's
take our Bic track there tonight chewy hit us with the first star system
please I got this later for St Paul
fantastic I
lot of you have seen this it's in Genesis it's from the septu agent right
and it starts out verse four here this chapter two right this is the
biblos this is the what you you will want to run right by that and say this
is a book this is the book of the generation of uranos and Gaia this is
the book of the generation of uranos and Gaia this is the Bible yes now let me to
undo the seal for you do you see the word beblo how clever how cleverly
hidden in Greek you see that word biblos this is not biblion this is not the word
for book this is not the word for
book this is the power of the
generation of uranos and GA let's see let's just for those of you who are
Skeptics let's go to the next yep there we go um just for your own sake here
here you go beblo and Egyptian Papyrus for those of you who feel good about this right or a rind enclosing the pith
in the plant nice isn't that nice slices of P you know they're describing the making a Papyrus role right and here
therefore book I want you to noce Noti something though go to the next one I'm just going to blow it up I'm just going
to blow it up so you can see it especially of sacred or magical
writings these are the works of the Muse right these are the works of musos
and oros right this is the oric stuff people but look look down on that fifth to last
line on the bottom next to the big lxx that's our passage Genesis why is it
here because take it down because this is the magic book of the generation of
Gia and uranos and this is about the
coros coros who made
Paradise oh fantastic fantastic I'm so excited let's go let's go back to the
source you guys are okay let's just hang in there this is gonna get yep yep next
one please brilliant watch this guys um and yeah
Ken epen do you know what PLO means in Greek PLO it means to
educate it means to finish it means to
bring one to a technical capacity yes it doesn't say make here it
says and God educated the man the person the
anthropos who was this Offspring this
dirt from Gia this dirt from Gaia do you hear what generation you're in yes you
do right there there is nothing that is not Greek about this Bible that is
supposedly from Hebrew there is nothing not Greek about this so far remember
people we're taking it back right the history so we're looking at this as it
is translated from um the thir Century BC the thir Century BC we don't have to
use e around here we're free to use the B and the C so this is third Century you
know third century and that's where this vocabulary is coming from but let's look
at it closely it's a magic book it's says are you ready to see what the magic book says you're going to meet God for
the first time right cuos there's a bunch there's a bunch don't worry but
this is the coros and he's going to set things up so that we can all have a bucket good time give me the next Source
please yep uh go back yeah here it's just the definition for you know training right this is what you didn't
know you thought God made made Adam you thought he made wait take it down that's
funny you thought he made Adam you thought this is the first dude who
popped into existence didn't you Adam is a Myan name that goes back a
thousand years before this document of Genesis was created in the thir Century
goes back a thousand years otus you know there's an Adam in the in Homer there's
an Adam in Homer yes can you feel it tonight oh the
electricity thank you for spending your time with me I appreciate your time okay
let's chewy let's keep these people on track because they didn't come here to waste time okay so you know um this is
the man that's made of that what does he do he imbus within his proon he puts
within his countenance the breath of Zoey the breath of
Zoe the breath of Zoe is what becomes his
Su G give me the next one what is the who is Zoe wait is this the Bible yes is
it Genesis yes is there a Zoe there you didn't know there was a Zoe there here
she is verse 20
kis isn't that a beautiful name look it's the middle word in the bottom line Zoe look at that Zoe love it it's
gorgeous Zoe oh th and who that's her
name yeah Zoey there is no Eve there is
no Eve Eve is a shout do I have to bring up here youus youus come
here come here nope keep the chains on keep your little bald head just like
like that youus AA is a shout it is a title
that the bachans use one of the cult names of bakus are
you ready I'm going to release this tonight up into the air are you ready this is this is in that beam of the
eclipse right this is right on that knife's edge
a el was El was the name name the name
of bakus the cult name AOS so everybody knows even the early
Christian eus knew church historian BR he knows it's a
bakic shout it's a Bic cry her name was
Zoe Zoe isn't that gorgeous yeah Zoey restore Zoey say The Poets is isn't that
nice restore Zoey so let's see you thought it was the Garden of Eden right you thought it was
the place in the poop in the beginning and everything comes together and we're coming out of the water you didn't see
any of the Gods behind it did you and you wondered to yourself why is God referring to himself in the plural why
is he saying if there's only one how is it that he's saying oh [__] now the people are going to become like us their
eyes are going to be opened they're going to end up naked in a Frolic Frolic
Fest and the next thing you know I'm going to be yelling about the seed of
Lucifer that's in Eve oh good gracious how do they keep
this stuff straight let's just go right to the text people this is Bible I want you to realize this is the Bible as it
has never been taught in this
Century yeah never why because this has been sealed
from us you thought this was a Hebrew text it is not it is
not let's open it up and read it together for the first time shall we
shall we this man is crazy yes love the Mania it's coming
it's coming tonight it's coming watch okay here here it is yeah yeah yeah I'm so he called the name of his wife so yep
let's go on next one boom boom boom boom and um yeah so he God hoos who's the
cuos The God Who is the cuos what does he do he puts this paradise on he puts
this paradise in EDM in EDM my Greek students
notice it is not Eden it is EDM I am even showing you a new land a new
creation I'm going to show you EDM EDM now for
those of you who want the extra kick of the magic because remember these are the magic books that we've got anyway if you
want the extra kick of the magic you U um you only have to follow this as far
as the cult right allows you to stay there right as long as you can see the
cult right you're in good good place um for this magic incredible are you ready
let's pull it out um Everybody hold on hold on because it's gonna feel a little
bit uncomfortable give us the next one shy um he put this paradise yeah he put this paradise in
the East you know it's Eastward toward the Rising Sun right and there he's put
them the dude whom he had educated right whom he had trained for
this thing what's this dude dude need it turns out dude needs that virgin
manura wow okay let's see let's see let's see is has he drugged Adam yet no
is anybody has he drugged at him not yet you okay I promised you that God drugged
Adam tonight so just wait just wait we'll get there we'll get there it's coming it's coming up next one please
yeah and then um the Lord the god who is the Lord you know he um he took the man
whom he formed and he you know educated and he put him into the paradise now
what does this say on the third line it says into the paradise but then it's got a Gena of there taste through face what
is the the paradise of what every English translation has cut this
out every English translation that I've seen has cut this out what this didn't
make it you see in the back translation of the Hebrew it didn't make it when it
was being forced back um by um Scholars to try to create a Hebrew temp plate you
know those guys are all out there in the caves with their Scrolls you know what they're doing They're copying Greek
texts into Hebrew and when they do so they mess things up because the Hebrew
cannot capture with its limited vocabulary the extensive vocabulary of
the ancient Greek so you lose things this is one of the things that got lost
and I'm so glad to be able to restore it to you what is what the it's a paradise
of Tru what is trui give it to me give it to me Chewy look at this softness
delicacy oo daintiness laboriousness um luxuriousness excuse me
and then we get one wanting wanness what is what is that which is
wanton can somebody tell me what is wanton I know we've mentioned wanton before I want you to see the Oxford
definition that's the dated definition but that's the one we're talking about for you know because nobody use this
anymore right nobody waxes wanton anymore it's a shame nobody waxes
wanting but um here we go wax on and wax off right sexually unrestrained or
having many casual sex relationships okay okay wait a minute wait a minute
wait just leave that up there chewy for a second because I want this to absorb into people's brains are you ready The
Garden of EDM is a
paradise of sexual
promiscuity wait what when I came in here I thought it was poop poop poop God
points things go poop and out comes this man woman poop poop now you're telling
me it's a dirty dirty place yes you're gonna end up
naked and eyes open naked and eyes open
you may meet the devil H interesting
interesting wow next one before we before we um lose them chewy this has to
penetrate quickly it has to set I want a specific timer look um here's the you
know you can be um luxurious you know a feminite lenus re you know to be that reveling
this is the description of the bachant right this is what the mean ads do why
do you think it is effeminate because they are performing
as me they are entering that state Paradise my friends is a place for
Meads Paradise is a place for
Meads check out all of the
oracular sources check all of the oracular symbols that you find in works
like the argonautica the one by the r flus check out that source and you'll
see this laid out beautifully this is baket cult people don't realize if you
say mystery you're saying bakus PE people
and you what how how is that how is that shut
up there is one mystery one Bronze Age mystery and from that
mystery comes all of the others from that comes the death and Resurrection
mystery from that comes the one who is the child of God through the
Virgin this thing that we are looking at this book of Genesis with this Garden
this was a place where a
God where AOS established his own
worship it was an oracular religion where the
AA who was Zoey would bring the man to the place of
initiation where their eyes would be open opened there's only one
problem there's only one problem he pulled
out devil got in the way yeah had to De with the dying thing
and the technical truth of the matter poor devil poor devil when your cios is a
lying sack it's all you can get it's all you can get a third of the Angels people a
third of the the Angels think about that for a minute one out of
three said God can take it and stick it one
out of Three Angels wow think about that for a minute
think about it you think you're smarter than they are don't you the Watchers know that they know that they watch you
it's the fuzz in the air that they get you think you know better you don't you
don't you don't know this quantum physics right people we got to we got to take the humble route we got to take the
humble route let's go back to the source I'm going to show you something I'm going to show you the the poisoning I'm
gonna show you the attempt to turn Adam
into a slave of the cios are you ready you ready this is a
real this is a real mystery thing did you see Moses sitting there right next to the
muses did you see him let's go here we go yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah um okay people this is for the this is
for the people among you and I know you're out here a lot of you are like this you're the Smart Ones I want you to
figure out this has a a little game going on in it in the Greek here you
know it's explaining to you the way that we drive the name for woman the Greek
name for woman which is goon goon and it says that name goon is
derived from the fact that she was taken that she was taken from him taken
from him okay just conceptually hang in there with me she was taken from him so
wait a minute this this word goon this word
goon the word for woman it's got to be does it say taken from a man no it
doesn't so the phrase is nonsensical what about if it's in Hebrew what about
if it's in Hebrew what about if it's in Hebrew I can hear you I feel your energy
I know you're out there I feel you um it doesn't work in Hebrew either
Hebrew is just ishan Isa right all you do is put a feminine on the on the root
there's no taking out of there's no word coming from it but now remember this
text this Bible is written in the 3 Century third and 2 and maybe even first
in the 3 Century so um what do we expect to happen we expect for it to reflect
learning from the third century and customs and culture and guess what it
does it does precisely bring it up again chewy bring it up again um she was taken
from the [Music] man where do how are we going to make
this thing make sense how are we gonna because it it's the linguistically it does they call her goon because she was
taken from the an h no ish from ish ah
nope but if you go back to trus and what
it truskin palasan the old stuff watch this you
know where apestas comes from that old stuff Lucifer the old
stuff the old stuff are you are you kidding me this is worship of oh my God
bring up the next one bring it up look what happens people look what happens this is the word
weo weo in Latin and it literally means
LED from the man LED from the wear it means that if it were this word it would
make complete sense well what is this word this is the word for a heroic Maiden a what a Female warrior a Female
warrior you see female warriors right we got them we got them too I've seen them
they say they make better snipers than anyone yeah we I go we I go they ought
to let them control everything too you know what I mean because I'll bet you I'll bet you a few of these as generals
would be outstanding love it love it we AO we AO
okay let's keep keep how is that Ausin getting in there you tell me you tell me
we're reading a book that you didn't realize see how you trampled over this just like I did you just walked over it
with King James you just walked over it with that Hebrew Matic text because the
Hebrew Matic text didn't know how to render that pleasureful sex Garden it
didn't know should we no and that's how stuff gets buried
in history that's how stuff gets buried within text this is the advantage of
being um In classical philology this is not a recruitment but um this is the
advantage of classical philology it gives you access gives you access to the
sources and you figure out you read them you read a hundred other sources around
them and then you figure out what the vocabulary is doing it's logic and science bro it's not
voodoo right logic and science this is the trying to bring back this presocratic bro let let's keep going
let's keep going um yeah what happens here yeah so look Nobody's around for
Adam that is a Boos he's got nothing what is a Bo AOS this is what he needs
that God makes for him that God makes for him and I promised you I was going
to show you the drugging right okay so we're at the party we're at the bonic party in the paradise sex Garden right
and Adam is lonely he's sitting there all by himself and there's animals you
hear the music there's animals there why yeah yeah no this one no doesn't do
it doesn't do it for me what does he need Boos what is that it's something
very specific in Greek which again the Hebrew is unable to capture it is that
individual it is that individual who comes to your
side with that Shield do you know what Athena carries
around who is the Weir AO of all Weir AOS Athena manura if you look at that
definition for Weir AO up there you're gonna see mana's name next to it she's
the one with that Shield you see that you see that manura there uh-huh there's
's a reason look at the Amazon at the bottom this is what you talk about with Amazonian
women they can be one of these boyos they can be that one who comes up
on your side in battle and the two of you will conquer why because her Shield
take it down her Shield is protecting
you you run with nerva isn't that
nice fantastic um that's Eve she wouldn't have a title on her name e
unless she was that bakic minad and these bakic Meads I must remind you and
many of you were buying courses and you're looking at you're you're looking at things online about mystery religions
mystery and somebody's going to make some profit profit off of you you're walking up to people on the street you
know what you are let's do mirror time this is mirror time Chey mirrror time let's mark this um you're walking you
know what you're doing you're walking in the street now there's a dude or a dudette sitting there and they've got a
deck of cards they're going to tell you your future for $25 isn't that nice isn't that
nice yeah do you know what should happen do you know what should happen we should
all find out what happens to those people on the other side when they get
to those places that possess those powers that were so pure that they exposed for the
sake of prostitution because that's what they're doing they're prostituting
themselves
prostitution okay yeah it disappoints me but that's not
what we're here for right you and I we don't want that we don't want the street show and that we want the reality we
want that ether that quantum physics that lies behind what they're doing
let's see the next tech let's keep opening it up yeah yeah so what happens here he needs this weo he needs this
manura and um so what does God do to him look at here it is look at line
21 easy ecstasy God what is God's solution to
finding the one for Adam right which is funny because can
anybody smell can anybody smell the Argonauts can anybody smell the captive
women can anybody smell the Sorceress Why Can't This dude Adam do
his stuff on his own there's nowhere you'll notice in the text so far that it
has said that it has said Adam is the first man there's nowhere in the
text yeah yeah that there were no other human beings around here no no no do you
see what's happening this is not about your God speaking things into existence
this is the book of the generation of Gia and
uranos yeah and your God has his
place look at us people we're taking we're ripping that Bible right out of
their hands I have that Bible holding it right in my hands there's not a Christian that can touch it there's not
a Christian that can touch that thing I don't mean any of them not a
single one of them we have the text now that gives us the freedom that's the
bakic power now you know why bakic worship always centers around the muse
now you know oh God love it okay well um another
text another text um look at here uh look at here where
did I get dis yeah displacement standing inside where was the I can't see the top
entry ex the ecstasis good so um what is this
when you they're telling you from right from the top remember I said people that verbs go to the verbs and always see
what the verbs are that comes from and it's exist here so it's kind of to stand
out of and people will say this preachers will say this all the time
they'll be like oh and you know this is a take take the word apart literally and see well it's a little more
sophisticated than that a little more sophisticated the jumping meaning is not as simple as you'd think yeah this means
to stand outside to stand outside now do we blow it up and let me see the um let
me see the drift on this one look standing aside number two number two stand distraction of the Mind from
Terror and astonishment right so this is not necessarily your your daddy your mommy's
ecstasy right this is not their ecstasy this is the stuff that you can get from
Terror you mean you can be in Terror and ecstatic at the same time you mean you
can be astonished confused confounded uh we're about to see Paul in this drugged
out confounded state of ecstasy yeah they're not talking about ecstasy like
we do right they're not talking about Bliss they're talking about a place have
you been to that place where you can produce the face of pan can you produce
the face of pan I know many of you have wait it up
there please I know many of you have many of you have you may not have seen
it yeah have your lover hold up a mirror and show you the face of P
if you so have it being possessed by that pan by that spirit is a place that
you can only go that you can only go through the
orgason these are the or these are the
rights these are the rights you can produce that
face you are calling do you see how the sex uality is a part of the ancient cult
I was saying before you prescribing to these to these um cult you know mystery
cult 101 and you see yeah you're only going to get so
deep sorry but you I'm bringing the sources to right because you people are
special and I recognize that and I'm valuing your time valuing your time give me the give me the text next one
please yeah Watch What Happens though it becomes distraction of mind right keep
going keep going next one oh Moni
K whoops are we back chewy watch those
star clusters um trance trance anybody
in trance out there people anybody in trance guess what it is trans and
M we're talking about trans and Mania how do you think you're going to get
oracular how do you think you're going to get oracular if you're not in trance
you want to see Paul in trans you want to see Paul drugged what did God do to
Adam he drugged him made him ENT ecstasy what does Paul do Paul enters
Ecstasy but Paul's ecstasy has to do with a thorn in his flesh a messenger of
Satan and a 13-year-old boy wait what I didn't hear that a a 13-year-old boy
wait your honor can you force this witness to cough that up again because you repeat
your question um Paul with a how old um
13 not yet 14
H okay sure are you sure let's look at it let's look at drugged out Paul doing
his thing are you ready because we are in Paradise you're not going to believe me but we are
in Paradise I thought you said Paradise was a place for sex and drugs and eye eye
opening things yes I did and so does Paul chewy bring us to the night star
system um NOP we come back to that later keep going down
yep no uh yeah okay yeah yeah so Paul says this is 2 Corinthians 12 Paul says
I'm just going to translate this for you I'll just stand up like this o anop I
knew a dude in Christ wait what you knew a dude in Christ take that down you knew
a dude in Christ what does that mean look at the translations of this it's hilarious that the ones that try to stay
so literal you know you can't capture the meaning I knew a person in Christ I
knew them in [Music] Christ okay go on to the next go on what
does it mean um let's figure out what that means proon
proon um premature of 14 years just
before 14 years now your translations will have caved on this one right and
they will say 14 years ago but this is a very strange way of putting that um and
I'm going to say since we've already mention the anthropo that this is putting the kid's age within framework
and it's perfectly within its rights to do that I mean this is not odd right to express age so he's he's a little bit
before um 14 years old so you knew this guy in Christ right yeah and then he
says something really weird because Paul is high he's high right now did you know he's high he's high he's describing
Visions he has Visions these are visions that are caused by the messenger of
Satan are you ready I don't know he says whether it was in body I don't know
whether it was out of body only God knows only God knows
but this guy was pulled all the way up into the third uranos next one wait what
the kid that you're with was pulled into the uranos how do you know how do you
know when the kid that you're with okay how do you know that he's entered
into that into that area facial
expression right you are bringing out pan within the person you are causing
that possession through your druged sex act yeah it is a brilliant form of
control of ancient cultural control and this stuff comes from the Bronze Age people it's when they're developing it
now it may have it may have happened happened prior but we don't have any
records of it we do from the Bronze Age Sorcerers we know what they were doing
and what kind of boy slaves they were making and what kind of prostitution
they were pushing we know what kind of drugs they were using and we know what people were saying at least about what
they were doing because we have that literature we
have that evidence and remember this is hundreds of years before the Bible ever
existed okay so this is the real that we're looking at let's go to the text
one more time and again I appreciate your time um he was taken up next one to
the third heaven okay um what is that um
yeah let's keep going I'm going to check that with the next text um and I yeah and I I knew a man I know this guy Ry
well I don't know whether in mind or body I don't know he says it twice he's
wait Paul your Visions they're either they can be out of body of course of
course he's taken up in the spirit he's taken up in the spirit when Jesus sees
uranos crack open right and you're standing there on the shore you're
standing there on the shore with the baptism and he comes out of the water and the stuff John has given him is has
allowed him to see uranos open uranos open it's in that cup did you drink out
of the phace shaped cup that the saturnist juvenile tells us
about did you drink out of that Jesus is that why you're seeing uros the way you
are is that is that why you can do this you know are you just the one who's
requiring the AWA is that what you need
Jesus Jesus Christ Jesus Christ what is going on text let's go
back to the text um okay before we get too dizzy next one these are the last
couple um and yeah so what happened to his boy now what happened to his boy or
the anthron what happened to him he was
Hy he was snatched you ever been snatched the haries are snatchers
harpies are snatchers yeah they are beautiful too don't don't let them tell you they're ugly right that is a modern
misconception um the snatchers came and got him they came and got him and they took him to where they took him to the
Garden of Edom they took him to Paradise they took him to Paradise why
did they take that boy to Paradise does anybody YooHoo does anybody smell the
cult we've all been here right we all watch this ceremony eye to eye you guys
know this we've seen these sources we know what's going on this kid there what
is he doing he is receiving the things that are not to be
repeated wait what these are the things that we cannot talk about these are the
things things that if you are a mystery initiate you do not talk about now I'm
going to make a personal appeal watch youw we flood your minds with images I'm going to make a personal appear appeal
to those of you out there who have suffered this
silence who have been forced to remain silent not to speak about things because
these things are the things that we who initiated keep
quiet there's a certain place that you just can't go we've been
there we've been there with Jesus yeah we've been there with
[Music] Moses and now unfortunately we're on our way back
we're on our way back tonight I'm hoping
that you are beginning to see that the
leace is not just the
robber I'm hoping that you're beginning to see that the cult of the mystery as
it develops in the Bronze Age that that cult is a cult that
involves sex drugs children and Jesus
Christ who was arrested in a public park with a naked boy at 4:00
a.m. screaming I am not a trafficker I am not a
trafficker this book that you thought was so holy it was but it wasn't
yours no it doesn't belong to to you this book is a Greek work from the 3
century and it has within it some of the greatest gems of this mystery initiation in this
mystery right God the cuos from the very
beginning was establishing the mystery of the oracular
fire who is this ion who is this ion and will he be
castrated thank you for coming tonight Friday I'll be at lady Babylon on
discourse I appreciate your time we will return to lay part
two on the night before we can enter into that inner
sanctum thank you inhale
Satan all in fces created by such evil men that we
could tear down the fences that fence us all in maybe we could walk together
again just maybe we could walk
together again